Update docs for ACR and GCR OIDC feeds (#2678)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/packaging-applications/package-repositories/guides/container-registries/azure-container-services.md

![Azure Container Services Access Key blade](/docs/packaging-applications/package-repositories/guides/container-registries/images/azure-blade.png)
:::

> Azure Container Registries can be configured as an external feed in Octopus by navigation to **Library ➜ External Feeds** and adding an new feed of type `Azure Container Registry`. 

Reviewer: nit: did the existing docs mean to say "by navigating to" rather than "by navigation to"?

Author: Yeah I think `by navigating to` would make sense. I'll update it.

## Adding an Azure Container Registry as an Octopus External Feed
Create a new Octopus Feed (**Library ➜ External Feeds**) and select the `Azure Container Registry` Feed type. With this selected you will need to provide the username and password credentials configured above.

:::figure
![Azure Container Services Registry Feed](/docs/packaging-applications/package-repositories/guides/container-registries/images/azure-feed.png)
:::

Save and test your registry to ensure that the connection is authorized successfully.

## Adding an Azure Container Registry with OpenID Connect as an Octopus External Feed
Octopus Server `2025.2` adds support for OpenID Connect to ACR feeds. To use OpenID Connect authentication you have to follow the [required minimum configuration](/docs/infrastructure/accounts/openid-connect#configuration). 

Before creating an OpenID Connect Azure Container Registry feed, you will need an Microsoft Entra ID App Registration and a Federated Credential. 

If you do not currently have an Microsoft Entra ID App Registration follow the [App Registration](https://oc.to/create-azure-app-registration) guide.

> To manually create a Federated Credential follow the [Add a federated credential](https://oc.to/create-azure-credentials) section in the Microsoft Entra ID documentation. The federated credential will need the **Issuer** value set to the publicly accessible Octopus Server URI configured, this value must also not have a trailing slash (/), for example `https://samples.octopus.app`.

Reviewer: nit: does this read more clearly?

```suggestion
To manually create a Federated Credential follow the [Add a federated credential](https://oc.to/create-azure-credentials) section in the Microsoft Entra ID documentation. The federated credential will need the **Issuer** value set to the configured publicly accessible Octopus Server URI, this value must also not have a trailing slash (/), for example `https://samples.octopus.app`.
```

Reviewer: Or alternatively:

```suggestion
To manually create a Federated Credential follow the [Add a federated credential](https://oc.to/create-azure-credentials) section in the Microsoft Entra ID documentation. The federated credential will need the **Issuer** value set to the configured Octopus Server URI. This URI must be publicly available, and the value must not have a trailing slash (/), for example `https://samples.octopus.app`.
```

Reviewer: Last one: I _think_ you can put a `.` before the "for example". For example, like this.

Author: Cool, I'll go with:

To manually create a Federated Credential follow the [Add a federated credential](https://oc.to/create-azure-credentials) section in the Microsoft Entra ID documentation. The federated credential will need the **Issuer** value set to the configured Octopus Server URI. This URI must be publicly available and the value must not have a trailing slash (/). For example `https://samples.octopus.app`.

The extra full stops probably make it easier to read.

Create a new Octopus Feed (**Library ➜ External Feeds**) and select the `Azure Container Registry` Feed type. With this selected you will need choose OpenID Connect as the authentication type.

Add the following properties to the feed credentials:
- **Client ID:** _{{The Azure Active Directory Application ID (Client ID)}}_
- **Tenant ID:** _{{The Azure Active Directory Tenant ID}}_

> - **Subject:** *Please read [OpenID Connect Subject Identifier](/docs/infrastructure/accounts/openid-connect#subject-keys) on how to customize the **Subject** value*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Subject:** *Please read [OpenID Connect Subject Identifier](/docs/infrastructure/accounts/openid-connect#subject-keys) for how to customize the **Subject** value*
```

- **Audience**  _{{The audience set on the Federated Credential}}_ *This can be set to the default of* `api://AzureADTokenExchange` *or a custom value if needed*

:::div{.warning}

> At this time, OpenID Connect external feeds are not supported for use with Kubernetes containers because the short lived credentials they generate are not suitable for long running workloads.

Reviewer: Nit: my brain forgets the beginning of this sentence before I finish it... almost definitely a me problem, but heres a suggestion nonetheless 😆 .

```suggestion
At this time, OpenID Connect external feeds are not supported for use with Kubernetes containers. This is because the short lived credentials they generate are not suitable for long running workloads.
```
